[Music]
By the way, this is a very good cameo where
jeyes Ah is you yeyes Ah well good
cameo, the truth is good cameo today
this post was being commented on that has not
surprised me at all, right, I think I have
answered it In fact, no, to someone who
shared this I answered no because I
was today like people being surprised
that this already in fact this Post in particular
caught my attention at the
time this post in particular caught my
attention at the time the Face reveal of
nimmu nevermind this
the fake review of nimu nevermind this 8
million reach 8.00 112,000 likes
what are you telling me you want to browse the
internet safely and also
access all the content of your
favorite platforms like Netflix hbo
Max or Disney Plus cyberg VPN And I don't
know if you know but there is content that is
not available in your country and with
this little trick you can access all the
content wherever you are I don't know if you
know what a VPN is but it's an
extension that you put on your internet with
the one that masks the IP and apart from
browsing completely safe and anonymous
without anyone being able to know who you are and
where you are It helps you access
some idos that are blocked in your
country there are movies and series on your
favorite platforms that are not
available there are television programs
for example on mediaset content that
if you try to watch them outside of Spain
they have a geoblock that does not
allow you Well with cyberg VPN that's over
Apart from being protected by browsing
anonymously you will be able to access
content from all over the planet you will also
have Total privacy since it keeps
your connection private and protects your
data ultra fast speed to
eliminate the lake in any
online game with which you can enjoy
live without interruptions and as I have already
told you Freedom to access all the
content on the planet wherever and whenever you
want also Take advantage of a whole 83%
discount using the link that I
leave you in the description of this video and be
careful because you can try Cyber ​​goost VPN
45 days without obligation and if you are not
convinced you ask for a refund and they will give you
back the peace So don't wait any longer
to protect your connection and improve your
internet experience  run cli to the
link in the description and take advantage of
this super offer cyberg VPN to
browse completely free and secure
look 112,000 likes my tweet had giving
the exclusive of Juan
and hari's divorce which is a bomb there are already 4030 in
the box hey Who has been Who has been or
anonymous hey guys yes it is a lot eh
a lot a lot more than I
thought that we could have arrived eh
By the way Sister Gossip what a dance you
have done eh gentlemen you have to see you have already
paid Javi the one who the lawyer Yes
the solicitor is what no the lawyer yes
3400 and the solicitor has not
asked me for it yet when he asks me I will tell you and I will
tell you Hey it cost me so much they told me
that it would surely cost based on what
the gentleman asks So it will be I don't
know 1000 or around there I don't know 1000 and a little I
think it could be then there would
still be a little bit left to finish paying
the solicitor eh you have to go know the
end of the live of  today's telesalseo
where Sor Cotilla is dancing to the
Comanche song and I think you want to see it Listen to me
I think you want to see it
well 112,000 likes This doesn't
have a damn thing it's that you're still telling me that it
's the F review the Face review for
real I mean it's still the first
time that she's going to show her face the best
something like that And not yet either eh Because it would
seem like an outrage to me what I know
20,000 likes 30,000 likes you know but
come on not either but you're still telling me
that it's the first time that she really shows her face
And still but on top of that
the face was already super seen there are videos
with billions of views on YouTube
with the with Nimu's face with the
leaks I mean there were even videos with
millions of views with the
thumbnail Nimu's face what are you
telling me it doesn't make any sense
and this isn't the first time that
the Delox numbers have caught our attention right
We've talked about it
many times this year every time there was a
fight  with Dallas they had the tweets, I
mean, every time he posted a tweet of [ __ ]
smoke because in the end the year has passed,
the year has passed almost and he hasn't done anything
against Dallas, a [ __ ] [ __ ] no, I don't
have My bullets and the the interesting one
The vigilante who was going to come to bring
down the fearsome Dallas no HM smoke not
10 bullets not 10 bullets nothing smoke okay
But yes, every time he posted a [ __ ]
[ __ ] in a tweet Let's see Look, there are some
stupid people Eh Because the people who
hate me, Dallas is really
special, normally and obsessive, eh, I
mean, it gives numbers, it usually gives numbers, but
man, 40,000 likes, this [ __ ] [ __ ],
no, we already discussed this in several
videos Eh We already discussed this in
several videos 6 million views more
than any tweet from the Uy, more than
Donald Trump I mean, no [ __ ] joke, no
[ __ ] joke delox This is not credible,
you've gone too far, dude, you've gone too far
Oh, this was great Eh This
was great  this c to my partner who is
obviously going to be another embarrassment okay
maybe he's made a couple of these videos that he
was trying to do now to make other
content and it doesn't have views okay
nobody sees it anymore so well he
needs to scratch views and I'm going to look for
some gossip with cheap bage clips
so by the time I make the video
obviously I'm going to take out another thread and
in that thread I'm going to put you for dummies and I
also do an exclusive on who
the next hub for dummies is going to be eh that
is well explained like Dallas made
some brutal videos about nimu no I mean he
said a lot of things about nimu And what did
delox get out of it that it should import something muo I'm
going to put you for dummies all the
evidence so that we can see not only that he
could have committed eh tax fraud
which you already insinuate In the previous In
the previous thread but we're going to see
all the evidence even some that
people haven't stopped to look at okay
how he can be located in Spain
during the last and why I applauded
Cris Pain when he was hiding where he
could be located and  the days that passed the
country because there you applauded him and you took
courses with him, I mean, this doesn't make
sense. What promotion have you done or the
opposite of delox eh year. So I
think this is going to be pretty cool
because I see that cript bru explains it,
exposes it on the Channel of c whatever
but it doesn't transcend to as many people as
the millions of people who get them
and the ones that I make, no. You don't
worry dara. Take out the videos that and
this is already a historical nonsense, eh, I mean,
he has many more millions of people
than you know, I mean, it's fine for him to
make the videos he wants but it doesn't have
the impact that he has, eh, but it doesn't
transcend to as many people as the
millions of people who get them
and the ones that I make, no. You don't worry
d Historical Payo I mean, you're paying for
this and you start saying that they have
more impact than Donald Trump, come on
man, look, what I would like is for
them to, for example, denounce this
Víctor Egio, not with the one that I  I fought a
few days ago no delox crypt bro and
collaborator until two days ago of the
scammer critto Pain accuses the fachat
tuber D the review of trying to kill him
by hiring a hitman This was the [ __ ]
This was the [ __ ] host eh 41000 likes
Look 6 million no 6 million 6 million 6
million views this [ __ ]
[ __ ] this [ __ ] ridiculous thing that he did eh
this [ __ ] [ __ ] okay Okay then delo I
would love to report Victor egio
the truth is what you say here no Christ
bro and collaborator until two days ago
of the scammer Cristo Pain and tesita eh I
mean it's not to say that you have him blocked
tremendous Not that Christ bro that
Christ bro expert in Dallas Yes but
Christ bro Listen to
This not even German Garmendia paid so many
bats faces sweating is that tremendous you
from Moon to the at 70,000 do not limit yourself you
know what I said when we were at
this point you know what I said when we
were at this point that it was an
opportunity to reduce  risk because
I didn't believe it, I called this a
bull trap when there is the Ada retest
of 40,000 there I get hit dude I mean he
's a liar always it's always
been the same here he is saying when
bitcoin falls that he knew it was going to
fall that he already warned when he was
here in the in the 40 that he had to
get out that I don't know what I don't know how much and they
give him a click of what he really said he
's a charlatan Why the [ __ ] is he lying
because it's with everything anika we already saw it in
the debate we had in the videos
where I passed it when there is the
40,000 road there I get hit a charlatan I called it
a bull trap they called me
crazy they called me
crazy your demo or so this this guy in the
end what he does there is eat
people's ears earn it and in the end I
understand that he doesn't earn money from
YouTube I understand that what
interests him are the courses for example
when he promotes crypto Pain the
referrals that he has in the
exchange No  that kind of stuff
wait because he's sending me well
look at the followers who
liked or reposted the tweet it's from nimmo
eh look at the followers the users
These are all the users who
retweeted the very first one eh there isn't a
single real one eh girl but there will be one
that speaks Spanish at least Look
Gabriela at least Look she speaks Spanish
and they are all like cryptocurrencies
right look you are expensive kid you are
expensive kid Wait he's
sending me places that he says that today he
said something about lady eh wow what
clickbait it is he's margado 25,000 likes in
44 minutes eh it looks like a tweet talking
about Dallas how crazy What do you mean it's
in two hours Ah what have you got me oh
my goodness the obsession how bad no no no it
's weird already family I mean he
put when he did the Face reval this one
that had the most like the tweet that you visit
the video eh in the title he put Dallas
the other day he put Dallas in a
thumbnail in which he  had nothing to
do with dasas and now I see a tweet with likes
and look what it says my god are They are
eating us and my Turbo bugs eh has
gained a lot of Followers must be a
lady eh wow what clickbait is
bitter 25000 likes in 44 minutes eh
seems like a tweet talking about Dallas how
outrageous How is it in 2 hours
Ah what man without coming to the point at
all eh without coming to the point absolutely
for nothing eh He puts it in there and that's it
[Music]